This is a project done based on Kaggle's Toxic Comment Classification Challenge (https://www.kaggle.com/c/jigsaw-toxic-comment-classification-challenge/overview.)

The competition had 3 datasets: `train.csv`, `test.csv`, `test_labels.csv`, but these are modified / rearranged based on the need of the project.
The datasets used in this project can be downloaded from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1TmHdWqeiXd_X3BKRKVkiZ-z2qSd4hHYw. This was done as the file size excessed GitHub's limit.

This project aims to do the following steps:
1. Create 3 versions of training data (* Note: `train.csv`, `test.csv`, and `test_labels.csv` were combined then re-splitted to rearrange the proportion of training and testing data.)
   i. Simple original training dataset without any modification. 
   ii. Undersampled training dataset where the majority and minority target proportion are equallly matched.
   iii. Oversampled training dataset (using synonym augmentation technique) where majority and minority target proportion are equally matched.
2. Perform hyperparameter tuning on these 3 training sets KNN and DT (used for model baselines), LSTM, Bi-LSTM, and Attention Models.
3. The best result was generated by hyperparameter-tuned LSTM model, trained on original training set, with accuracy of 0.962.

Description of the Files:
1. `data/` file: Includes all the data needed to run the iPython Notebook. Also includes all data generated while running code. Should be downloaded from external link and placed on the same directory as `src/`.
2. `toxic_comment_dt_base.ipynb`: iPython Notebook for Training and Testing of Decision Tree Model.
3. `toxic_comment_knn_base.ipynb`: iPython Notebook for Training and Testing of KNN Model.
4. `toxic_comment_lstm_augmented.ipynb`: iPython Notebook for Training and Testing of LSTM, Bi-LSTM, and Attention Model on Synonym-Augmented Dataset.
5. `toxic_comment_lstm_original.ipynb`: iPython Notebook for Training and Testing of LSTM, Bi-LSTM, and Attention Model on Original Training Dataset.
6. `toxic_comment_lstm_undersampled.ipynb`: iPython Notebook for Training and Testing of LSTM, Bi-LSTM, and Attention Model on Undersampled Dataset.

Please change each "path" variable in each notebook to the directory of your `data/` file if you would like to run this code.
